# SNHU_EmergingSysArch23EW3
Two projects have been uploaded, the final project accepts input from the buttons to raise or lower the set desired temperature and reads input from the temperature sensor, when the temperature is below the desired set temperature it will activate the red LED to indicate heat should be turned on and when it is below the desired temperature it will turn off the LED.
The Module 5 project blinks the LED lights in a Morse pattern for SOS and switches the pattern at the end of a pass to OK if the button is pressed (switching the pattern back if the button is pressed again).
I think both implementations are fairly well done with good commenting about what is going on.  However, I may be able to move some of the functionality that gets called repeatedly into separate functions and should.  I also usually include summary comments at the start of my functions and while I did some commenting I don’t believe I kept to my standard summary pattern for functions in either of these projects.
I have found that the thought process to creating embedded systems is very similar to those when writing automation code, something that I have a fair amount of experience with.  This reinforced some of my prior approaches to that.  I’m not sure if I will end up working with embedded systems in my career, but I also have a cosplay hobby and have more recently been expanding into more complicated cosplay designs including some lighting and other elements.  I’m excited by the prospect of integrating some of what I’ve learned in this class to improve what I create as part of my hobby.  As an aside, my other class this term was on mobile app development and the thought of creating an app to drive embedded systems activity over Wi-Fi, activating LED patterns or turning on and off small motors to drive clockwork gives some exciting possibilities to my future cosplay designs that I’m interested in pursuing further.  The projects are primarily kept maintainable through good commenting practices and selecting variable names that are consistent with their uses and other standardized coding practices.  As I already mentioned I there are one or two places where code functionality is repeated that should be pulled out into separate functions that are then called from those locations that would further increase the codes maintainability.

